Add information that editing is locked until resume process completes (#4701)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/journeys/build-journey.md

1. Select the **Journeys** tab within your Engage space.
2. Select the **More Options** icon next to the Journey you want to resume.
3. From the dropdown menu, select **Resume Entry**.

> 4. A modal window appears. Select **Resume Entry** again to confirm. After the confirmation, editing is locked until the Journey Resume process completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. A modal window appears. Select **Resume Entry** again to confirm. After the confirmation, editing locks until the Journey Resume process completes.
```
